Update publishing article to remove out-of-date versions and clarify cross-plat (#33193)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/index.md

> The following table outlines the commands used to publish an app as framework-dependent or self-contained, per SDK version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table outlines the commands used to publish an app as framework-dependent or self-contained:
```

| Type                                                                                     | Command                                                                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [framework-dependent executable](#publish-framework-dependent) for the current platform. | [`dotnet publish`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md)                                 |
| [framework-dependent executable](#publish-framework-dependent) for a specific platform.  | [`dotnet publish -r <RID> --self-contained false`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) |
| [framework-dependent binary](#publish-framework-dependent).                              | [`dotnet publish`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md)                                 |
| [self-contained executable](#publish-self-contained).                                    | [`dotnet publish -r <RID>`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md)                        |

For more information, see [.NET dotnet publish command](../tools/dotnet-publish.md).

## Produce an executable

> Executables aren't cross-platform, they're specific to an operating system and CPU architecture. When publishing your app and creating an executable, you can publish the app as [self-contained](#publish-self-contained) or [framework-dependent](#publish-framework-dependent). Publishing an app as self-contained includes the .NET runtime with the app, and users of the app don't have to worry about installing .NET before running the app. Publishing an app as framework-dependent doesn't include the .NET runtime; only the app and 3rd-party dependencies are included.

Reviewer: Acrolinx wouldn't like "publishing an app" but if you prefer it it's fine with me.

> Executables aren't cross-platform, they're specific to an operating system and CPU architecture. When publishing your app and creating an executable, you can publish the app as [self-contained](#publish-self-contained) or [framework-dependent](#publish-framework-dependent). Publishing an app as self-contained includes the .NET runtime with the app, and users of the app don't have to worry about installing .NET before running the app. Publishing an app as framework-dependent doesn't include the .NET runtime; only the app and 3rd-party dependencies are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executables aren't cross-platform, they're specific to an operating system and CPU architecture. When publishing your app and creating an executable, you can publish the app as [self-contained](#publish-self-contained) or [framework-dependent](#publish-framework-dependent). Publishing an app as self-contained includes the .NET runtime with the app, and users of the app don't have to worry about installing .NET before running the app. Publishing an app as framework-dependent doesn't include the .NET runtime; only the app and third-party dependencies are included.
```

The following command produces a cross-platform binary:

| Type                                                                                | Command |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| [framework-dependent cross-platform binary](#publish-framework-dependent).          | [`dotnet publish`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) |

> ## Publish framework-dependent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Framework-dependent
```

Reviewer: To be consistent with the heading on line 61.

Author: The section below (unedited in the PR) is `Publish self-contained`. The section on line 61 is a subsection of this one, describing the behavior of "platform-specific" feature of framework-dependent.

Apps published as framework-dependent are cross-platform and don't include the .NET runtime. The user of your app is required to install the .NET runtime.

> Publishing an app as framework-dependent produces a [cross-platform binary](#produce-a-cross-platform-binary) as a *dll* file, and a [platform-specific executable](#produce-an-executable) that targets your current platform. The *dll* is cross-platform while the executable isn't. For example, if you publish an app named **word_reader** and target Windows, a *word_reader.exe* executable is created along with *word_reader.dll*. When targeting Linux or macOS, a *word_reader* executable is created along with *word_reader.dll*. If the app uses a NuGet package that has platform-specific implementations, all platforms' dependencies are copied to the *publish\\runtimes\\{platform}* folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing an app as framework-dependent produces a [cross-platform binary](#produce-a-cross-platform-binary) as a *dll* file, and a [platform-specific executable](#produce-an-executable) that targets your current platform. The *dll* is cross-platform while the executable isn't. For example, if you publish an app named **word_reader** and target Windows, a *word_reader.exe* executable is created along with *word_reader.dll*. When targeting Linux or macOS, a *word_reader* executable is created along with *word_reader.dll*. If the app uses a NuGet package that has platform-specific implementations, dependencies from all platforms are copied to the *publish\\runtimes\\{platform}* folder.
```

Reviewer: Just reads a little easier.

The cross-platform binary of your app can be run with the `dotnet <filename.dll>` command, and can be run on any platform.

> ### Platform-specific framework-dependent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Platform-specific and framework-dependent
```

> You can publish a framework-dependent app that is platform-specific by passing the `-r <RID> --self-contained false` parameters to the [`dotnet publish`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) command. Publishing in this way is the same as [publish framework-dependent](#publish-framework-dependent), except that platform-specific dependencies are handled differently. If the app uses a NuGet package that has platform-specific implementations, only the targeted platform's dependencies are copied. These dependencies are copied directly to the *publish* folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish a framework-dependent app that's platform-specific by passing the `-r <RID> --self-contained false` parameters to the [`dotnet publish`](../tools/dotnet-publish.md) command. Publishing in this way is the same as [publish framework-dependent](#publish-framework-dependent), except that platform-specific dependencies are handled differently. If the app uses a NuGet package that has platform-specific implementations, only the targeted platform's dependencies are copied. These dependencies are copied directly to the *publish* folder.
```

> While technically the binary produced is cross-platform, by targeting a specific platform, your app isn't guaranteed to run cross-platform. So you can run `dotnet <filename.dll>`, but the app may crash once it tries to access platform-specific dependencies that are missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While technically the binary produced is cross-platform, by targeting a specific platform, your app isn't guaranteed to run cross-platform. You can run `dotnet <filename.dll>`, but the app may crash when it tries to access platform-specific dependencies that are missing.
```

- **.NET may change**\
It's possible for the .NET runtime and libraries to be updated on the machine where the app is run. In rare cases, this may change the behavior of your app if you use the .NET libraries, which most apps do. You can configure how your app uses newer versions of .NET. For more information, see [framework-dependent apps roll forward](../versions/selection.md#framework-dependent-apps-roll-forward).

### Examples

> Publish an app cross-platform framework-dependent. An executable that targets your current platform is created along with the *dll* file. Any platform-specific dependencies are published with the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish an app as cross-platform and framework-dependent. An executable that targets your current platform is created along with the *dll* file. Any platform-specific dependencies are published with the app.
```

```dotnetcli
dotnet publish
```

> Publish an app platform-specific framework-dependent. A Linux 64-bit executable is created along with the *dll* file. Only the targeted platform's dependencies are published with the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publish an app as platform-specific and framework-dependent. A Linux 64-bit executable is created along with the *dll* file. Only the targeted platform's dependencies are published with the app.
```

## Publish with ReadyToRun images

> Publishing with ReadyToRun images will improve the startup time of your application at the cost of increasing the size of your application. For more information, see [ReadyToRun](ready-to-run.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing with ReadyToRun images improves the startup time of your application at the cost of increasing the size of your application. For more information, see [ReadyToRun](ready-to-run.md).
```
